Fix typo (#1)
jgomezselles/UE4_Notes: UE4_Online_Notes.md

> Official [doc](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-US/Gameplay/Networking/Server/index.html).

# Authority & Replication

> To detect, distinguish or decide code to be run in the server and/or in the clients, the function `bool` [AAcator::HasAuthority()](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-US/API/Runtime/Engine/GameFramework/AActor/HasAuthority/index.html), returns `true` if it's on the server and `false` otherwise.

Author: [Testing comments] This is a comment.

> To detect, distinguish or decide code to be run in the server and/or in the clients, the function `bool` [AActor::HasAuthority()](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-US/API/Runtime/Engine/GameFramework/AActor/HasAuthority/index.html), returns `true` if it's on the server and `false` otherwise.

Author: How would a review look like? Let's push the button and see.

Author: ```suggestion
To detect, distinguish or decide code to be run in the server and/or in the clients, the function `bool` [AActor::HasAuthority()](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-US/API/Runtime/Engine/GameFramework/AActor/HasAuthority/index.html), returns `true` if this code is being run on the server and `false` otherwise.
```
